## Manuscript
The manuscript has parts originating from the AMD64 manuals but most is original. It should be considered to be owned in part by AMD. It should not be used for commerical purposes only informative .

## Commercial usage

Fair Source License, version 0.9
Copyright © 2017 Richard Andrew Cattermole

Licensor: Richard Andrew Cattermole

Software: alphacodegen

Use Limitation: 1 users

License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to each recipient of the Software (“you”) a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and fully-paid-up license, under all of the Licensor’s copyright and patent rights, to use, copy, distribute, prepare derivative works of, publicly perform and display the Software, subject to the Use Limitation and the conditions set forth below.

Use Limitation. The license granted above allows use by up to the number of users per entity set forth above (the “Use Limitation”). For determining the number of users, “you” includes all affiliates, meaning legal entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with you. If you exceed the Use Limitation, your use is subject to payment of Licensor’s then-current list price for licenses.

Conditions. Redistribution in source code or other forms must include a copy of this license document to be provided in a reasonable manner. Any redistribution of the Software is only allowed subject to this license.

Trademarks. This license does not grant you any right in the trademarks, service marks, brand names or logos of Licensor.

DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.

Termination. If you violate the terms of this license, your rights will terminate automatically and will not be reinstated without the prior written consent of Licensor. Any such termination will not affect the right of others who may have received copies of the Software from you.

## Personal/Education usage

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.